patience are outside of mundane fervor
hasit is once again time to release the
Predacon
ratchet
now
yes that's right go off and sulk why
don't you
stands before me
what it's me Optimus smokescreen who
beckons come often
is it truly you alpha Trion
I stand before you my student as such it
would seem that it is your time
why hesitate I do not fear joining with
the Ostmark but or the fate of the
matrix of leadership you know as well as
I a worthy candidate is neither one who
will learn to be a prime as you once did
Ultra Magnus to stealth team status
report
having a little trouble reaching the
objective
security is tighter than anticipated sir
keep them occupied
Ultra Magnus allow me to venture you
intend to disarm I fusion Tenon's by
disassembling their power core indeed
Megatron and you are standing in my way
your mission was most illogical
scrappy
Ultra Magnus you are must proud
what in the name of Paul Revere's horses
taken so long
all invaders have been taken captive
master there was no sign of Optimus
Prime
so tell me commander where might your
leader be Oh take my hand Dalton's and
joy
with the old spark
you
Optimus No
this isn't how the story's supposed to
end
I will not ask again if I knew I
wouldn't you very well